Updated the documentation to a certain extent (#379)
Frederikam/Lavalink: IMPLEMENTATION.md

```

### Outgoing messages

> #### Provides a voice update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Provide a voice update
```
Wrong tense

}
```

> #### Plays a track

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Play a track
```
Wrong tense

`startTime` is an optional setting that determines the number of milliseconds to offset the track by. Defaults to 0.

`endTime` is an optional setting that determines at the number of milliseconds at which point the track should stop playing. Helpful if you only want to play a snippet of a bigger track. By default the track plays until it's end as per the encoded data.

> `volume` is an optional setting which determines the default volume of the player.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`volume` is an optional setting which changes the volume if provided.
```

If `noReplace` is set to true, this operation will be ignored if a track is already playing or paused. This is an optional field.

> If `pause` is set to true, the playback will be paused by default. This is an optional field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `pause` is set to true, the playback will be paused. This is an optional field.
```

```

---

### RoutePlanner API

Additionally there are a few REST endpoints for the ip rotation extension

> #### RoutePlanner Status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Get RoutePlanner status
```
